Files included in the INT2WHLP.ZIP package:

INTWHLP1.TXT - The original introduction to the package.

INTWHLP2.TXT - An INTWHLP1.TXT update.

INTWIN.BAT - A batch file which calls INT2WHLP and HC31 to compile the
Interrupt List.

INTWIN-P.BAT - Identical to INTWIN.BAT except it calls HCP instead of HC31.

INT2WHLP.CFG - Configuration file for INT2WHLP.EXE.


INT2WHLP.EXE - The Interrupt List -> WINHELP file precompiler.

INT2WHLP.PAS,
INT2WHLP.INC - Source files for INT2WHLP.EXE


SHORTKEY.RTF - Short keywords topic.

This file is included if program option -l- or configuration file key
longKeys=0 are used. The topic gives examples of corresponding long and
short interrupt search key pairs.


FLT_METH.RTF - Filter Method.

This file describes Ralf Brown's INTPRINT program used as a filter program.
The size of the Interrupt List can be reduced by passing the files through
the INTPRINT program and specifying a filter file as a program parameter.

Whenever a partial compilation of the Interrupt List is redistributed, the
redistributed material should include information about the filtering.
INT2WHLP will include a note about filtering if the -f<filename> parameter
is passed to the program, or if "filterFile=<filename>" is included in the
configuration file's OPTION section. The note will have references to the
FLT_METH.RTF file and to the specified filter file.

If another filter program is used instead of INTPRINT, FLT_METH.RTF can be
used as a model for a method description. The file can be edited in a word
processor program capable of importing and exporting RTF format files
(several Windows based word processors).


TABLEKWT.RTF,
SECKEY.DLL,
SECKEY32.DLL - Secondary keyword table files.

The .RTF file and one of the .DLL files are needed if option -KT is used.


SEL_TOPC.RTF - Selected Topics.

This file gives access to selected topics from the Interrupt List. Entries
in the Alias section of the configuration file are links to the List.

The file can be edited - or extended - in a word processor program capable
of RTF format import and export.


MISC_INF.RTF - Miscellaneous Information.

This file gives information about interface port pin assignments, EGA/VGA
screen colors, scan codes, and control code acronyms.

It has been automatically compiled from a file in TurboPower Software
help text format, and edited in an ASCII text editor. Although it can be
imported to a word processor program capable of importing RTF format files,
it should not be exported again, because it might cause format
incompatibilities.


I2W_HH.RTF - INTWIN Help and Hints.

The help file's Help and Hints topics.

HS_INIT.RTF - HintSrch Initialize Topic.

Invoked before the HintSrch facility is initialized if it is not initialized
by a startup macro.


I2W-FILE.TXT - This file.

I2W-HINT.TXT - Compilation and usage hints.

I2W-CFG.TXT - Describes the configuration file format.

I2W-OPT.TXT - Describes the INT2WHLP program parameters and options.

I2W-TEST.ZIP - File package easing experiments with fonts, font sizes,
colors, windows position, index columns, etc.

BAG.INI - A baggage file for Microsoft's Full Text Search engine. It is
inserted by default in INTWIN.HLP due to commands in INT2WHLP.CFG. This
is useful if you want to use the FTS engine, and harmless if you don't.

 
